Improve boot_from_external_source.md (#901)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/user_workloads/boot_from_external_source.md

      volumes:
        - name: root-filesystem
          containerDisk:
            image: custom-containerdisk:latest
            imagePullPolicy: Always
        - name: kernel-modules
          containerDisk:
            image: custom-containerdisk:latest
            path: /boot/kernel-modules.isofs
            imagePullPolicy: Always
        - name: cloudinitdisk
          cloudInitNoCloud:
            userData: |-
              #cloud-config
              chpasswd:
                expire: false
              password: fedora
              user: fedora
              runcmd:
                - "sudo mkdir /mnt/kernel-modules-disk"
                - "sudo mount /dev/sr0 /mnt/kernel-modules-disk"
                - "sudo tar -xvf /mnt/kernel-modules-disk/kernel_m.tgz --directory /usr/lib/modules/"
```

Notes:

- It is not necessary to package the root file system into the same `containerDisk` as the kernel. The file system
  could also be pulled in via something like a `dataVolumeDisk`.

- If the custom kernel was configured to build modules, we need to install these in the root file system. For this

>   example the kernel modules where tar'ed and packaged into an isofs. This isofs is then added to the `containerDisk`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  example the kernel modules were bundled into a tarball and packaged into an isofs. This isofs is then added to the `containerDisk`
```
A typo and then light reword to avoid using tar as a verb.

Author: Thanks :) I fixed this

        firmware:
          kernelBoot:
            container:
              image: custom-containerdisk:latest
              initrdPath: /boot/initramfs
              kernelPath: /boot/vmlinuz
              imagePullPolicy: Always
            kernelArgs: "no_timer_check console=tty1 console=ttyS0,115200n8 systemd=off root=/dev/vda4 rootflags=subvol=root"
      volumes:
        - name: root-filesystem
          containerDisk:
            image: custom-containerdisk:latest
            imagePullPolicy: Always
        - name: kernel-modules
          containerDisk:
            image: custom-containerdisk:latest
            path: /boot/kernel-modules.isofs
            imagePullPolicy: Always
        - name: cloudinitdisk
          cloudInitNoCloud:
            userData: |-
              #cloud-config
              chpasswd:
                expire: false
              password: fedora
              user: fedora
              runcmd:
                - "sudo mkdir /mnt/kernel-modules-disk"
                - "sudo mount /dev/sr0 /mnt/kernel-modules-disk"
                - "sudo tar -xvf /mnt/kernel-modules-disk/kernel_m.tgz --directory /usr/lib/modules/"
```

Notes:

> - Make sure the [common-instancetypes](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/user_workloads/deploy_common_instancetypes/)

Author: I removed this line :)

- if `imagePullPolicy` is `Always` and the container image is updated then the VM will be booted
  into the new kernel when VM restarts

Booting the kernel with a root file system can be done by specifying the root file system as a
[disk](https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/storage/disks_and_volumes/) (e.g. containerDisk):
```yaml
apiVersion: kubevirt.io/v1
kind: VirtualMachine
metadata:
  name: ext-kernel-boot-vm
spec:
  runStrategy: Manual

>   template:

Author: Sure :) I was not aware of preferences and instanceTypes before.
What would you imagine this to look like?

From what I could read up these CRDs enable reusability across multiple `VirtualMachine` definitions.

Do you want me to generalize the `memory` resource into a `VirtualMachineInstancetyp` such that both `VirtualMachine` definitions in the markdown file can reuse those sections?
In the `VirtualMachinePreference` I would then specify the devices `preferredDiskBus` and `firmware` for both `VirtualMachine` definitions?

>   template:

Author: Thanks @0xFelix! I just tried your suggestion in my cluster, however I have kubemacpool v0.46.0 and KubeVirt 1.4.0 installed and get the following error when trying to create the vm:
```
Error from server: error when creating "vm.yaml": admission webhook "mutatevirtualmachines.kubemacpool.io" denied the request: json: cannot unmarshal string into Go struct field VirtualMachineSpec.spec.instancetype of type v1.InstancetypeMatcher
```
Is this a known error? I could not find any related open/closed issue for this. Is it worth upgrading to the latest KubeVirt version for this?

I also was not aware that one needs to deploy the common instance types first: https://kubevirt.io/user-guide/user_workloads/deploy_common_instancetypes/

I will make sure to link to this user-guide in my next revision.

>   template:

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I gave you the wrong definition. I fixed it in the YAML above, please try again.

With KV < 1.4.0 you need to either deploy them manually or enable the feature gate, depending on the used version. Since you are already on v1.4.0 it should work out of the box though.

>   template:

Author: @0xFelix Thank you so much! This definition works. :)
The instancetypes and preferences make more sense to me now - its a nice feature.

I updated the PR with this.

> With KV < 1.4.0 you need to either deploy them manually or enable the feature gate, depending on the used version. Since you are already on v1.4.0 it should work out of the box though.

Hmm I needed to deploy them manually. Setting the feature gate did not work. Maybe this is because I upgraded the cluster to v1.4.0 from a previous version a few months ago?

>   template:

Author: Sorry my bad. Enabling this config parameter actually works. I first queried for `virtualmachinepreference` after enabling the config and got nothing. That's why I assumed the feature gate did not work. After double-checking I can see that I got a bunch of `virtualmachineclusterpreference` with this :)
Thanks again!
